# encrypted_json



Source: `commune/subspace/utils/encrypted_json.py`

## Classes

### SecretBox

The SecretBox class encrypts and decrypts messages using the given secret
key.

The ciphertexts generated by :class:`~nacl.secret.Secretbox` include a 16
byte authenticator which is checked as part of the decryption. An invalid
authenticator will cause the decrypt function to raise an exception. The
authenticator is not a signature. Once you've decrypted the message you've
demonstrated the ability to create arbitrary valid message, so messages you
send are repudiable. For non-repudiable messages, sign them after
encryption.

Encryption is done using `XSalsa20-Poly1305`_, and there are no practical
limits on the number or size of messages (up to 2⁶⁴ messages, each up to 2⁶⁴
bytes).

.. _XSalsa20-Poly1305: https://doc.libsodium.org/secret-key_cryptography/secretbox#algorithm-details

:param key: The secret key used to encrypt and decrypt messages
:param encoder: The encoder class used to decode the given key

:cvar KEY_SIZE: The size that the key is required to be.
:cvar NONCE_SIZE: The size that the nonce is required to be.
:cvar MACBYTES: The size of the authentication MAC tag in bytes.
:cvar MESSAGEBYTES_MAX: The maximum size of a message which can be
                        safely encrypted with a single key/nonce
                        pair.

#### Methods

##### `decrypt(self, ciphertext: bytes, nonce: Optional[bytes] = None, encoder: Type[nacl.encoding._Encoder] = <class 'nacl.encoding.RawEncoder'>) -> bytes`

Decrypts the ciphertext using the `nonce` (explicitly, when passed as a
parameter or implicitly, when omitted, as part of the ciphertext) and
returns the plaintext message.

:param ciphertext: [:class:`bytes`] The encrypted message to decrypt
:param nonce: [:class:`bytes`] The nonce used when encrypting the
    ciphertext
:param encoder: The encoder used to decode the ciphertext.
:rtype: [:class:`bytes`]

Type annotations:
```python
ciphertext: <class 'bytes'>
nonce: typing.Optional[bytes]
encoder: typing.Type[nacl.encoding._Encoder]
return: <class 'bytes'>
```

##### `encode(self: <class 'SupportsBytes'>, encoder: Type[nacl.encoding._Encoder] = <class 'nacl.encoding.RawEncoder'>) -> bytes`



Type annotations:
```python
self: <class 'typing.SupportsBytes'>
encoder: typing.Type[nacl.encoding._Encoder]
return: <class 'bytes'>
```

##### `encrypt(self, plaintext: bytes, nonce: Optional[bytes] = None, encoder: Type[nacl.encoding._Encoder] = <class 'nacl.encoding.RawEncoder'>) -> nacl.utils.EncryptedMessage`

Encrypts the plaintext message using the given `nonce` (or generates
one randomly if omitted) and returns the ciphertext encoded with the
encoder.

.. warning:: It is **VITALLY** important that the nonce is a nonce,
    i.e. it is a number used only once for any given key. If you fail
    to do this, you compromise the privacy of the messages encrypted.
    Give your nonces a different prefix, or have one side use an odd
    counter and one an even counter. Just make sure they are different.

:param plaintext: [:class:`bytes`] The plaintext message to encrypt
:param nonce: [:class:`bytes`] The nonce to use in the encryption
:param encoder: The encoder to use to encode the ciphertext
:rtype: [:class:`nacl.utils.EncryptedMessage`]

Type annotations:
```python
plaintext: <class 'bytes'>
nonce: typing.Optional[bytes]
encoder: typing.Type[nacl.encoding._Encoder]
return: <class 'nacl.utils.EncryptedMessage'>
```

## Functions

### `decode_pair_from_encrypted_json(json_data: Union[str, dict], passphrase: str) -> tuple`

Decodes encrypted PKCS#8 message from PolkadotJS JSON format

Parameters
----------
json_data
passphrase

Returns
-------
tuple containing private and public key

Type annotations:
```python
json_data: typing.Union[str, dict]
passphrase: <class 'str'>
return: <class 'tuple'>
```

### `decode_pkcs8(ciphertext: bytes) -> tuple`



Type annotations:
```python
ciphertext: <class 'bytes'>
return: <class 'tuple'>
```

### `encode_pair(public_key: bytes, private_key: bytes, passphrase: str) -> bytes`

Encode a public/private pair to PKCS#8 format, encrypted with provided passphrase

Parameters
----------
public_key: 32 bytes public key
private_key: 64 bytes private key
passphrase: passphrase to encrypt the PKCS#8 message

Returns
-------
(Encrypted) PKCS#8 message bytes

Type annotations:
```python
public_key: <class 'bytes'>
private_key: <class 'bytes'>
passphrase: <class 'str'>
return: <class 'bytes'>
```

### `encode_pkcs8(public_key: bytes, private_key: bytes) -> bytes`



Type annotations:
```python
public_key: <class 'bytes'>
private_key: <class 'bytes'>
return: <class 'bytes'>
```

### `scrypt(password: bytes, salt: bytes = b'', n: int = 1048576, r: int = 8, p: int = 1, maxmem: int = 33554432, dklen: int = 64) -> bytes`

Derive a cryptographic key using the scrypt KDF.

:raises nacl.exceptions.UnavailableError: If called when using a
    minimal build of libsodium.

Implements the same signature as the ``hashlib.scrypt`` implemented
in cpython version 3.6

Type annotations:
```python
password: <class 'bytes'>
salt: <class 'bytes'>
n: <class 'int'>
r: <class 'int'>
p: <class 'int'>
maxmem: <class 'int'>
dklen: <class 'int'>
return: <class 'bytes'>
```

